Previously on "how to get away
with murder"...
A woman's body was found inside
the kappa kappa theta house.
What's wrong?
She was my friend, okay?
And ordering miss stangard's
body be exhumed immediately.
A full external and internal
second autopsy.
I think about you all the time.
But I'll get over it.
What if i don't want you
to get over it?
We represent Mary Walker.
This is a prenup.
I know you didn't kill
Lila stangard. And we
both know who did.
They missed something
in the first autopsy.
Say it.
Lila was six weeks pregnant.
What if it's too big...
Like, i waited too long,
and now my body assumes
I'm some sort of nun
who'll never have sex,
and then when i finally do it
or... Try...
He won't fit?
I've met Griffin.
Judging by the chip
on his shoulder, I'm
guessing it'll fit.
[ Snorts ]
What happened
to your virginity pact?
Did Griffin finally
realize god doesn't give
a crap about his sex life?
[ Snorts ]
If i tell you something,
swear you won't tell anyone?
I'm hanging out
with a sorority girl.
I don't want to tell anyone
about this more than you.
[ Giggles ]
I met a new guy.
Who?
Mr. Darcy.
I promised i wouldn't
tell anyone who he was.
So he's
one of Griffin's friends?
No.
Then why can't you tell me?
He has a wife.
[ Chortles ]
Oh. Oh, my god.
[ Both laugh ]
Lila was six weeks pregnant.
I'll leave.
No. Stay.
Annie. Really.
I need a witness here
to make sure
you don't lie to me again.
You lied when you said
you didn't sleep with her.
you were at Yale
the night she was killed.
And i believed you,
like some fool.
So...
Did you know she was pregnant?
No.
"No" because you didn't
or "no"
because if you say "yes,"
you know that's motive to kill?
This is...
Not something that...
Do not leave!
Are you lying?
No.
We don't even know if it's mine.
Who else's could it be...
Her virgin boyfriend?
He claims to be a virgin.
Was Lila?
The first time you had her?
You would know, wouldn't you?
I didn't know she was pregnant.
I promise you.
You believe him?
[ Scoffs ]
Should've worn a condom.
Sometimes, we're not responsible
for our own actions,
because sometimes, we behave
not like thinking,
thoughtful human beings,
but as animals.
Such is the case
of Gretchen Thomas,
a successful real-estate agent,
wife, mother.
Like many
a high-powered professional,
stress and anxiety
are part of her daily routine,
so she takes a prescription
sleeping pill before bed.
Its side effects have caused her
to buy clothes online,
cook gourmet meals,
and even initiate sex
with her husband
all while
completely unconscious.
And then this happened.
[ Student murmuring ]
This is Ms. Thomas
on her home-security system,
dragging
her nanny's dead, bloody body
out of the house.
And then what does she do?
She begins to clean up the mess.
Now, we all know the feeling...
We've had a bad dream,
we know we're asleep,
but try as we might, we just
can't seem to wake ourselves up.
Gretchen:
I'm sorry that i wasn't able
to get to your office.
It's Mia's 13th birthday
this weekend,
and planning has been crazy.
Who would've thought
that it'd be so difficult
to find a deejay?
We really need
your undivided attention.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Oh! Finally!
Ricardo?
[ Laughs ]
Hi. I am so happy
that you called.
Now, i know you usually
don't do kids' parties,
but I'm going to prison
any minute,
this could take a while.
And this could be
the last chance
want to sneak upstairs?
My daughter and i
could be together.
No, no. I'm sure
dj rizzles is very talented.
It's just that you have come
so highly recommended
from my friend Karen's...
You're on trial
for first-degree murder.
Put the phone down so we can
prep for your testimony.
I've changed my mind.
I don't want to take the stand.
Honey, this isn't
just your decision.
You have a family who needs you,
children who need you.
If she wants to go to jail, dad,
let her.
Your mother is not
going to jail, Cody.
Gretchen, i understand
this is difficult for you,
but as your attorney,
i need to put you on the stand
so i can establish that you had
no motive to kill elke.
The jury needs to believe
that you two were close.
We were close.
Can you imagine waking up
to realize that you killed
somebody you loved?
That's what i did.
And I'm sorry.
If the jury thinks
that i should go to prison,
i agree.
I should pay for this sin.
Bonnie: Since we can't
put Gretchen on the stand,
we're having the people
who love her... her family...
Testify to
her history of sleepwalking.
So tomorrow, each of you
will act as prosecutors,
prepping each of the thomases
for their moment in the sun.
Dig in.
Anyone else feel like
we do all her work for her?
Just figuring that out now?
I was fine with it before exams,
but now that
everyone else in our class
is locked away
in their apartments, studying,
we're falling behind,
working as free labor.
You know who doesn't care
about exams?
This guy.
'Cause i got...
Mention the trophy again, and
I'll bash your face in with it.
Okay, whatever, shooting star.
You guys all go be boring,
study.
I'll be at the bonfire,
partying it up,
mackin' on the chickadees!
Connor: Hey.
You want to study-group
this weekend?
[ Scoffs ] Since when
do you need to study?
Well, you take notes,
i have Adderall.
We'll make a great team.
Wes.
Professor keating
wants to see you.
Hey.
You want to join waitlist and i
in our new study group?
[ Knock on door ]
Pregnant?
Six weeks.
There was no sign of sexual
trauma in the first autopsy,
so they didn't inspect
the uterus.
It'll be a few more days
before the police release
the final report,
but the minute they do,
they'll run a DNA test
on Griffin
to see if he was the father.
He's not, as we both know.
It's good for Rebecca's case.
But i would appreciate it
if you didn't tell her.
Why not?
Well, because if she finds out
days before her trial,
I'm afraid she'll act out
in a way
that will hurt her case.
So, for her benefit,
I'm asking you not to tell her.
If you didn't want her to know,
why tell me?
Because i learned my lesson
about keeping secrets from you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Wes: Lila was pregnant.
You didn't know?
No.
It's Sam's?
Yeah, probably.
Annalise asked me
not to tell you.
What?
[ Refrigerator door opens ]
I know.
Said she didn't want
to upset you.
What... you believe her, with
her husband freakin' involved?
I'm not sure.
But...
She knows i could
go to the police at any point.
So let's. We'll tell them
the baby's Sam's.
What if it's not?
They still have to question him.
Well, what if he has an alibi?
Or they release him?
You're still on trial,
but without Annalise.
She'd quit your case.
So, what?
I mean,
we... we do nothing?
Of course not.
I...
[ Sighs ]
I just need
to keep an eye on her
till we figure out
our next step.
[ Man shouting in distance,
dog barking ]
It's not safe
to be out here alone.
Why should i trust you?
I want to get acquitted,
but you...
Why do you want to help me?
I lost my job
because of this case.
So, really,
this is just me helping myself.
So...
What do you want to tell me?
Lila... Was pregnant.
That's the evidence
we need, right?
To tie Sam to her?
You still have access
to the house?
Yeah.
Grab a sample of his hair
from the bathroom.
I'll have someone at the station
run a DNA test.
If it matches the baby,
they're gonna have to start
an investigation on him.
And your case...
Will go away.
You in?
[ Soft music plays ]
Hey, loser.
All right,
some coke, some Molly.
Uh... What?
[ Crunching ]
We did it.
Ah.
I'm guessing it didn't hurt,
by the look on your face.
It's not like how all my friends
talk about their first time.
You know,
he... Didn't rush
or act weird
or make me feel weird.
He made me feel safe.
You think I'm an idiot.
You said it.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, i will say this...
His wife must never put out,
because
once we really started going,
it was like
he couldn't get enough of me.
[ Chuckles ]
Swear you won't tell anyone?
Oh, like i care enough
about your stupid sex life
to tell anyone.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
Thanks.
Oh, my god.
What?
[ Both laugh ]
Wow. Well... Now i know
why you thought it'd hurt.
Ooh!
[ Both laugh ]
What's up, Darcy?
Annalise isn't here.
Court... i know.
Wes told me.
I think i left my gloves here...
Greenish, 10 fingers.
Not gonna steal anything.
'Course not.
Must've fallen out...
Somewhere.
[ Sighs ]
Not here.
I'm a disaster.
I lose everything i like.
[ Sighs ]
Hmm.
Can i use your bathroom?
Rebecca.
You should go.
Dude, I'm not...
You're welcome here
when Annalise invites you.
Otherwise, this is my house.
And I'm asking you to leave.
Yeah.
Nice to see you, too.
[ Lock engages ]
Cody:
It was a bloodbath...
A whole trail of it
leading outside.
And mom just stood there,
hosing the blood off elke.
So your mom was awake
when you found her?
No. She was asleep.
I started yelling for my dad.
Wes:
So, let's be clear...
You actually saw her take
the sleeping pill that night?
No, but she told me she took it
when we got into bed.
Then how can you be certain?
Because she took it
every night...
Right before we went to sleep.
Claire:
Like a drug addict.
I told her, "you wouldn't need
a pill to sleep
"if you just slowed down.
Stop trying
to do so much."
Sounds like the perfect recipe
for your daughter to snap...
Maybe even kill.
Objection...
Argumentative.
Uh...
What are you doing?
You didn't ask
an actual question.
The opposing lawyer would have
no choice but to object.
[ Forced chuckle ]
I watch court TV.
Mia:
Grandma hated elke.
She felt like
mom should be our mom,
not some Scandinavian milkmaid.
Don't say that part
on the stand.
We don't want anyone to think
your grandmother had
anything to do with it.
Maybe she did.
[ Chuckling ]
I'm kidding.
Look in the medicine cabinet
in their bathroom.
It's a veritable drugstore
in there...
Antianxiety meds for Mia,
hair-growth supplements
for Matthew.
Does that mean you don't trust
your daughter's judgment?
Of course i trust her.
Then act like it.
Show a sliver of doubt
or distrust,
and the prosecution will pounce.
On top of me, initiating sex.
All the while,
she's completely asleep.
That's how much
those pills knock her out.
Uh, maybe don't... Use the sex
as an example on the stand.
Connor: When did your mom
finally come to?
Uh, once my dad
put her in the shower,
ran cold water on her.
It was the only way
we could wake her up.
What was her reaction when
she realized what she'd done?
She started crying, yelling.
It was awful...
For all of us.
Like, it's one thing for
your mom to kill your nanny...
It's a whole other thing
if she had no idea
what she was doing.
It sounds fake...
I know...
Like we're making it up,
but we're not.
It's the pill's fault.
Your witness.
Is it possible
your parents told you
to lie on the stand today, Cody?
Your honor,
there's no good-faith basis
to this question.
Let me rephrase.
Do you love your mother?
Yes.
So you'd do anything
to protect her.
Lie, even?
He's badgering my witness,
your honor.
Lying under oath
is illegal, Cody.
Mr. Rodriguez, this is bordering
on witness intimidation.
Are you lying, Cody?
Annalise:
Your honor, i ask the court
to cite the prosecutor
for misconduct
and allow my witness
to leave the stand.
I'm not lying about my mother.
She loved elke.
We all did.
Especially me.
[ Spectators murmur ]
What did you just say?
Your honor,
he's just a young boy.
I loved her.
That's why i was awake
at 3:00 A.M. that night...
Because i was going to her room,
just like i had been
every night.
We loved each other.
Damn it, Aiden! You want me
to write a script for you?
Uh, how about, "mother,
"you should've told me you were
giving Michaela a prenup,
"and as her fiancé,
i fully support her decision
not to sign it."
I got to go.
Are you good for anything,
or can you only do your job
when you're screwing evidence
out of someone?
Annalise, he did his best.
We were all blindsided by this.
No, you were blindsided.
Because you can't do
your one simple job.
Tell me what's coming my way!
That's all i ask.
And in return,
i tolerate your pathetic,
mousy presence in my house.
Michaela: Hey.
How's it feel
to have your ass handed to you
just days before she hands out
our final grades?
[ Clicks tongue ]
I'm not worried,
because i got a copy of the exam
that she gave last year.
And I'm happy to share it
with my new study group
if they have things to give me
in return.
I'll trade you all my notes.
And I'll give you copies
of all of kan's old outlines.
I have every criminal-law
hornbook ever written.
I think three people's enough
for this study group.
[ Cellphone vibrating ]
[ Sighing ] Oh, my god.
This is so good.
Hello?
Frank:
You like the photo?
I snuck it while you were
in the shower this morning.
Wes was sitting
right next to me.
He could've seen it.
I know.
Makes it more fun.
What do you want?
What do you think?
[ Ben Khan's "drive" plays ]
[ Both breathing heavily ]
Slow down, killer.
[ Sighs ]
If I'm gone
for more than a few minutes,
Bonnie will get suspicious.
Bonnie was born suspicious.
I want to take my time.
♪ Just for the thrill ♪
[ Moaning softly ]
Hey, that was bull donks, yo.
A.K. Reaming you out
like that... it's not right.
I mean, we all know who deserves
the credit around here.
You're sucking up.
Stop it.
No, I'm just saying
don't let it get to you.
She's the one that sucks,
not you.
Also, I'm having a little
jammy-jam at my place tomorrow
before the bonfire.
Drinks, pretty peeps...
The ushe.
So i was hoping i could get off
a little early tomorrow.
You can come, too...
Shake your groove thang.
You know what I'm saying?
You can go home early as long
as you get all your work done.
[ Footsteps approach ]
Sam.
I can't talk right now.
It's about Lila.
The night she was killed,
i thought you were at Yale.
But i...
Did you need me?
No.
[ Footsteps depart ]
Rebecca came by the house.
Claims she was looking
for her gloves.
[ Liquid pours ]
There's not a chance
she knows about the pregnancy?
Wes is here all the time.
I already told Wes.
So he told her.
We don't know that.
Annie, you've seen
the two of them.
You know how he feels about her.
Yeah.
That's sweet, isn't it?
Tell me what you want me
to do here...
If you want me
to go to the police.
Just...
Don't give up on me here.
I'm gonna lose my case.
Because all i can think about
is you with that girl.
How many times was it?
Seven?
That's all it took
for you to knock her up?
[ Crying ]
This is what i get.
This is what happens
when you screw
somebody else's husband.
You become sad, barren.
And even a dead girl is
more of a woman than you.
That's not what this is.
It is.
No.
No, Annie, this...
[ Sighs ]
This is me.
So...
Get pissed off,
hit me if that's what it takes.
But i broke us, not you.
And I'll do whatever it takes
to make us right again.
So...
Either I'm already high
or school started again,
'cause i swear i just walked by
a bunch of girls half-naked
downstairs,
practicing
a Miley Cyrus dance routine.
What happened?
[ Voice breaking ]
Darcy wants to end it.
I know i shouldn't be surprised.
[ Crying ]
They never leave their wives.
But you hoped he would.
Tell me it's better this way.
Griffin still hasn't found out.
I can just...
You said you were
breaking up with Griffin.
Lila, he's a Jesus-obsessed
control freak
who forced you
into a virginity pact.
He was right.
[ Breathes shakily ]
Bad things happen
when you have sex.
Like what?
I-i don't know.
Just, let's not talk about it.
Um, yeah, okay.
I'll go.
No.
Stay.
Is it sick if all i want to do
is go over to his house
and show his wife
all the pictures of his junk
on my phone?
No.
That is normal.
But don't do that.
I know.
[ Sighs ]
Hey, it's me.
You get it?
No, he got all suspicious.
I think i have a better idea.
Sam texted Lila all the time.
There's got to be evidence
on his phone still, right?
Cody:
What do you want?
Just thought I'd...
Come see how you're doing.
What... you didn't hear enough
on the stand?
You know, when i was your age,
my sister had this friend
Marissa,
and she was my first.
[ Chuckles ]
I was 14, she was 18.
And... I don't know.
I-i thought it was probably
too good to last,
but i hung on
'cause she was hot.
[ Chuckles ]
And after a while...
[ Inhales sharply ]
Marissa just...
She stopped coming by.
I was pissed.
Like, really...
Really angry.
And I'd always think up
ways to hurt her
if i saw her again.
But i mean...
Really hurt her. You know?
Dude, i know you're gay.
And i didn't kill elke.
I loved her.
She loved me.
Now, if I'm on a jury,
i... [ Sighs ]
I think that story's
too good to be true.
I mean, no relationship
is that perfect.
I never said it was perfect.
Michaela:
How'd the treasure hunt go?
[ Sighs ]
All i came up with
was a flaming penis.
Is that some sort
of gay euphemism?
No.
Uh, elke gave Cody an std...
Tricha... Mania or something.
Ohh. Just the sound of that
hurts my ween.
Do you mean trichomoniasis?
Yeah.
What... you have it?
I majored premed in undergrad.
I still remember everything...
Including that
there's a specific antibiotic
that treats trichomoniasis.
Tinidazole.
I knew it.
Knew what?
That i just won our case for us.
Good luck
with your little study group.
Just tell me...
What'd you figure out?
Why ruin the suspense?
Annalise:
Mr. Thomas, what happened
if your wife
ever drank a glass of wine
before taking her sleeping pill?
Then she was
pretty much impossible to wake.
I'd have to just let her
sleep it off,
which is why
Gretchen doesn't usually drink.
But she did
the night elke was murdered?
It was
a... Special occasion.
Gretchen had just sold
another house.
We celebrated at dinner.
Anything else happen that day?
You mean the murder?
No, i mean
what your son, Cody, told you.
I'm sorry?
Mr. Thomas,
on the day elke was killed,
didn't your son, Cody, tell you
that he was experiencing
some painful urination?
[ Spectators murmur ]
Well...
Yes, but i-i had...
And when he told you,
did you not think back
to when you had experienced
the same painful urination?
How is this relevant,
your honor?
Medical records show
that Mr. Thomas was taking
the prescription tinidazole,
which is a prescription
used specifically
to treat trichomoniasis.
See what happens
when you use your brain
instead of your penis?
That drug was for Cody,
not for me.
Wrong... you were prescribed
that drug
three months
before Cody came to you.
Because the truth is,
you needed your own
because you, too,
were taking part
in a sexual affair with elke.
And when your son came to you,
he revealed that he was
also sleeping with her...
A woman you thought
solely was yours...
And you became jealous.
This is ridiculous.
At dinner that night, didn't you
open a bottle of wine,
even encourage your wife
to have a glass
to celebrate her new sale?
It was a really big commission.
No, you needed her
to stay out of it that night
so you can go into elke's room
and stab her to death.
That is... no!
Then you got your drugged,
type-a wife out of bed,
showed her the bloody,
terrible mess you made,
knowing full well that
she would try and clean it up.
I'm so sorry.
[ Sobs ]
It's too late for apologies,
Mr. Thomas.
[ Spectators murmur ]
The defense rests.
You animal.
I hired you to defend me,
not destroy my family.
That burn you feel right now
is not because of what i did...
It's because of what he did.
He lied to you, betrayed you,
took advantage
of your loyalty and trust.
And that's unforgivable.
You'll thank me one day.
Professor keating, since
i helped in the case today,
i was thinking...
There's nothing barring you
from taking the trophy from
Asher and awarding it to me.
I thought you had the trophy.
No, but the fact
that you're saying that
means you think i deserve it,
which i do.
I don't care who has the trophy,
Ms. Pratt...
You, Mr. millstone.
It really doesn't matter.
Of course it matters.
You built our entire semester
on it.
Winning it, t-that means
you're at the top of the class,
that...
Michaela.
You have a visitor.
[ Sighs ]
Mrs. Walker.
What are you doing here?
I thought it best
to talk in person...
Bring the mountain to Mohammed,
as they say.
Or do you not have time
for your future mother-in-law?
[ Marching band plays,
people cheering ]
Typical middleton behavior?
There's a bonfire
for the football team tonight.
Oh.
Sports-driven university.
Lovely.
I know why you're here.
And while i realize a prenup
is a delicate subject...
Now, there is nothing delicate
about this.
This is not emotional.
This is business.
Actually, this is
about my marriage to Aiden,
so... Not business.
My husband and i built
our company from the ground up.
The first store
eventually became 10,
10 became 50,
and now we run
a multinational corporation.
And while Aiden has decided
to pursue a political career...
Which makes Robert and me
very happy...
This legacy
will still belong to him.
So you understand
why we will not allow you
to waltz in
and reap the benefits.
I'm not marrying Aiden
for his money.
I'm marrying him
because i love him.
Oh. Well,
that's a beautiful sentiment.
But it's not one
that I'll bet my life's work on.
I'm not signing the prenup.
And it's not because
i want to take anyone's money,
but because i plan on
staying married to Aiden
for the rest of my life.
That's how seriously
i take this commitment.
Either sign...
Or i cancel the wedding.
Hm?
You sign,
or i will make sure
that you go back
to that nasty, backwood,
bayou swamp you came from,
you stubborn bitch!
Oh, you want to play?
Let's go.
At least i know
i was right about you now.
[ The presets' "no fun" plays ]
♪ No fun ♪
♪ home, I'm all alone ♪
Hurry.
I have a study group.
♪ Locked down,
comfortable numb ♪
♪ wrapped up, comatose,
sittin' in the tub ♪
Hi, there.
[ Gasps ]
What are you doing here?
Well, the firm gave me
a few days off,
and... Thought
i would surprise you.
Looks like i did.
Who is this?
Sasha...
His girlfriend.
And you must be...
The student of the month?
[ People cheering,
marching band playing ]
What is it?
I met Lila
the night she was killed.
[ Pounding on door ]
[ Crying ]
I need to see Annalise keating.
Is this about frank?
I don't know who frank is.
[ Inhales deeply ]
Is Annalise in there?
Do you need a lawyer?
You can talk to me.
No. I just need
to talk to Annalise.
Tell her it's about her husband.
She's not here.
That's her car, isn't it?
Annalise!
Listen.
I don't know who you are
or what you think you're doing,
but i guarantee
you're going to regret this.
So just take a deep breath,
calm down, and go home.
Leave, or i call 911.
Fine.
But tell her i came
to tell her something important.
He can't keep it a secret
anymore.
She was talking
about the pregnancy, right?
That was the secret?
Which means... You knew.
Sam.
Please.
This isn't Annalise asking.
This is me.
What good would it do
to tell her now?
I didn't hurt that girl.
I swear.
But we both know
how much
this would devastate Annie.
Bon...
You've always had my back.
But i need you now
more than ever.
[ People cheering,
marching band playing ]
Bonnie: [ Voice breaking ]
I didn't know who she was...
Not until the fliers went up.
And i thought
Sam was at Yale that night.
I thought you two
were working through things,
so i didn't think...
I'm so sorry.
I just...
Didn't know what good
it would do to tell you.
And i didn't believe
that he could do such a thing...
That he could hurt her.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Crying ]
He knew she was pregnant.
He told you that?
He kissed me...
So I'd lie to you.
He thought he was finally
giving me what i wanted...
[ Sniffles ]
but...
He's not a good man, Annalise.
[ Crying ]
[ Whimpering ]
You're fired.
No.
Please.
[ Sniffles ]
Annalise.
Leave.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Voice breaking ]
And don't come back.
Nate:
Plug it into his computer.
It'll download
all his phone information,
including the coordinates
where he was that night.
Well, what if
he cleared his phone?
Doesn't matter.
If he backed it up before that,
computer's storing what we need.
[ Sighs ]
Tell me now if you want to bail.
Nope.
I'll call you when i get it.
[ Engine turns over ]
Rebecca:
I-i was just trying to do
the right thing, for once.
You've done everything for me,
risked everything.
I-i didn't want
to hurt you
or mess up your life
any more than i already have.
When he came to me,
i thought...
her boyfriend!
I didn't know
he was her boyfriend!
I would've told you
if you just trusted me.
I do trust you.
Do you?
Because this...
She's setting us up.
You do get that?
Annalise doesn't do anything
without some sort of plan.
So her telling me
Lila's pregnant,
then sending her boyfriend?
[ Sighs ]
Now she knows i lied to her.
You should've told me.
I said I'm sorry.
I tell you everything...
Things no one knows about me.
I know.
You just went behind my back
like it's nothing.
I'm being honest now.
It's hard for me
to believe that.
[ Knock on door ]
Connor: Waitlist! Open up!
Dude.
You should've told me
you live in the ghetto.
Could've met at my place.
Am i...
Interrupting something?
Nope.
I was just leaving.
[ Door closes ]
Bitches be crazy.
[ Beatboxing ]
Hey, girl.
You like to dance?
[ Grunts ]
[ Knock on door ]
Hey, yo.
Michaela.
Hey.
You're at... My place
right now.
Yeah, uh, my brain's too fried
to get any studying done
tonight.
[ Cellphone rings ]
[ Chuckles ]
So...
Where is everyone?
Not here yet.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, um...
At least get me a drink.
Sure.
I'm thinking no one's showed yet
because people know
the bonfire goes all night.
People want to be
pacing themselves, you know?
Of course.
This bonfire's been going on
for over 100 years, though.
It's only been canceled twice...
Once for, uh, Pearl harbor,
and then once
for some flu pandemic.
But tonight...
Tonight is gonna be a heezy,
fo' sheezy...
[ rap music plays ]
Rebecca, let me in!
Laurel: Hey.
Sorry I'm late.
[ Sighs ]
Are you crying?
No, it's just...
Really cold outside.
[ Pounding on door ]
Rebecca!
Wes, how do you even know
she's inside?
I mean, maybe she just turned on
music to throw you off.
She took it.
Took what?
Did you bring your car?
Annalise:
It's unorthodox, i know.
Who knows what we'll find?
But for the family's sake,
it's important
we get at the truth
one way or another.
Thank you.
Who was that?
The d.A.'S office.
Since Lila was pregnant,
I'm demanding
that they collect DNA samples
of all the men in her life...
Including her teachers.